Hector Duran has the casting vote
whichever couple he now chooses will be
staying in Strictly Come Dancing Lynne
I'm sorry but it's it's down to you and
it's not a pleasant thing to do because
I feel as though I'm putting somebody
out of a show that they neither of them
deserve to be taken out of it and it's a
responsibility that I don't like much
but I can only judge it on what I've
just seen I can't judge it on what my
expectations are I'm not mr. kick Meg
I'm just looking at that and for me out
of the two dancers I've got to go with
Matt and Flavia
to say neither but you've really enjoyed
this in your face I've seen the enjoy
but have you really within a dancer but
we got you into shape in four weeks and
she's worked harder and be more patient
and I couldn't ask for a better partner
you've been fantastic
believe me you are a dancer I wouldn't
have changed a thing not one little
thing apart from obviously being a today
on and carry on dancing but it has been
truly the biggest honor in the world
No
there we are a standing ovation for
pregnant
of that standing ovation